[Spectrum] Added clarification in Fundamentals about supported ports regarding Spectrum. (#4003)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/get-started/network-ports.md

## How to enable Cloudflare's proxy for additional ports

> If traffic for your domain is destined for a different port than the ones listed above, for example you have an SSH server that listens to a port 22, either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If traffic for your domain is destined for a different port than the ones listed above, for example you have an SSH server that listens for incoming connections on port 22, either:
```

- Change your subdomain to be [gray-clouded](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/), via your Cloudflare DNS app, to bypass the Cloudflare network and connect directly to your origin.

> - Configure a [Spectrum application](/spectrum/get-started/)n for the hostname running the server. Spectrum supports all ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure a [Spectrum application](/spectrum/get-started/) for the hostname running the server. Spectrum supports all ports.
```
